fetchforresourceType bpa added (#15043)
GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules: mmv1/third_party/terraform/website/docs/d/backup_dr_backup_plan_associations.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "Backup and DR Service"
description: |-
  Get information about a list of Backup and DR BackupPlanAssociations for a specific resource type .
---

# google_backup_dr_backup_plan_associations

Provides a list of Backup and DR BackupPlanAssociations for a specific resource type.

> ~> **Warning:** This resource is in beta, and should be used with the terraform-provider-google-beta provider.
> See [Provider Versions](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html) for more details on beta resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> **Warning:** This datasource is in beta, and should be used with the terraform-provider-google-beta provider.
See [Provider Versions](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html) for more details on beta datasources.
```
